Implement proper message encryption: (SQLConnectPage.cs & ComposeMessagePage.cs & MessagesTab.cs)
	Right now everyone has same auth, secure over connection, but not with unwanted db access.
	Solution: Retrieve recipient's auth when sending, needs to be done in c#, can't send unencrypted details to php.
				As a bonus, keep auth for decryption in two parts, one part static in c#, other part unique to every user on db.
				This way, access to db cannot give whole key to decryption.

Change auths in db. Change meds in db.

Implement phps and format default values once able to access ftp and SQL. Get products working again.

Add labels to medication list.
Setup log creation scheme on db and change phps to support this.
Get profile saving working properly. (Update phps and save med/conds upon addition.)
/
Limit feedback to med/cond combinations that havent been done already.
Implement med/cond deletion.
Make all current entries progress to the next entry when done is pressed on the keyboard.
/
On reply, fill title with a default and lock 'to' field to the sender's name.
Implement log uploads (input validation) and imports properly. (CreateLogPage.cs)
/
Started layout for a product's page when tapped. currently available for regular increment types only.
Introduced feedback from db operations through the use of DisplayAlert, which is not as good as toast, but works.
/
Prototype for layout supporting adding to cart from enumerated and incremental types completed, room for improvement?
/
Introduced code to handle different discount types.
/
Medical search implemented
/
Properly implement item dependant discounts set by dispensaries.
Properly implement enumerated products on db and locally now that layout is there.
Setup tables to track which users have which medications and conditions to facilitate search, need to create phps to utilize these.
/
Toggle users visibility in searches
Toggle allowing messages from non-contacts
Setup settings tab.
Refactored condlistitem to simplelistitem for use as a general string object model.
Create phps for getting and setting prefs, code pref imports.
/
edit/create phps to support removing/adding users to/from contacts and blacklist.
Allow quick select of contact on composemessage page.
Add blacklist page.
Implement a contacts list on the messaging tab.
/
Finish blacklist and contactspage addition methods, make new features look better.
Add code to change blacklist/contacts on db when adding/removing.
/
Finish dispensary import code.
Create code to handle changing dispensaries and reloading the products for the new dispensary.
Fixed bug where products in medical search were not being displayed.
Create code to set logo to the current dispensaries' logo on startup.
Implement search of dispensary names carrying certain product.
/
Fixed bug with user filtering.
Allow message filtering.
Added cart total to cart tab.
/
Fixed bug with settings
enabled products button(now know how to programmatically change detail page)
Got property binding to work for viewed messages vs unviewed messages.
Inserted values for deal on home page(there can only be one atm, it is whichever is flagged and appears last)
Go to deal button should now go to the deal.
/
Viewing a message greys it out and updates the viewed value on the database.
Centered top middle component of profile page.
Discounts were being applied incorrectly, fixed values.
edited cart items to include the rate per gram, product page also displays these values.
Added visuals to product category list similar to original app.
/
Button now changes from "My Card" to "Dispensary Management" when logging in as a dispensary owner.
Alternate page layout created for editing a dispensary's product.
Make description and product picture dispensary specific.
Created phps to support:adding/editing dispensary products.
UI for management options implemented, functionality not fully implemented yet.
/
Functionality for adding and editing items fully implemented, changes now appear locally as well.
Figured out how ios distribution works
Limit users 1 device, custom limit on admins
Made userid shorter, autoincrement from 1005
User id is now displayed on user id page.
remove choose dispensary
remove search dispensary by product
Fixed bug in changing dispensaries
Got deal on home working as well as link to deal
Distinguished between going to product as manager for edit and going for viewing
Fixed Productpage layout (scrollview can only hold 1 layout child)
/
Image selection from device functional.
Input checks implemented on adding/editing products.
addOrEditProduct.php now includes the upload of images when necessary.
Edited db tables to be more efficient/to work.
Created downloadPictures.php.
/
Image binding/downloading functional from byte[]s from SQL.(Implemented INotifyPropertyChanged interface)
Images that are downloaded stay in storage for later use and are not reloaded.
Debugged adding and editing products(focus on image mainly)
Implemented product picture loading for home page.
/
Fixed problem where image was being placed as the wrong id.
Fixed problem where if item was selected before it's picture loaded, its picture wouldn't be displayed on next page.
/
Implemented uploaded picture compression and resizing through dependancy injection.(IFileProcessing)
/
Fixed bug where after editing or adding a picture, it wouldn't update locally.
Fixed bug where picture wasn't appearing when opening editing page.
Test uploaded picture compression, now working on android.
Fixed bug where app will open the editing interface when pressing the Browse Products button from home page.
/
Get cross-platform device id for connection verification.
allow user to unlink their device id from settings.
Implement code to support suspending transactions if something suspicious is happening.(FINISH CODE TO ALLOW ENTERING UNLOCK CODE)
/
Made edits to the way prices are calculated to include deal discount, if available.
Created static methods for loading/saving information that should be kept on restart.
Created method for removing cart items.
Change suspend transactions button text based on value loaded on login.
User cannot checkout if the dispensary has suspended orders.
When reloading cart from last session, cart prices are compared against loaded values and updated accordingly.
/
Research displayalert with entry so owner can enter unlock code.
/
Rewrote DispensaryManagement layout in order to implement custom popup with entry.
Fixed issues with suspension php.
Implemented and debugged unlocking a suspension.
/
Implemented a "buy at least x and get y% off" bulkdiscount for non-flower products.
/
Reworking bulk discount for non-flowers to include same features as flowers (required bulkdiscount limit and increment)
	-Added calculations for regular item prices. 
	-Updated db and phps to support regular bulk pricing.
	-Update code for loading products to include new properties.
	-Added controls for specifying new values on regular items.(AddProductPage and Productpage editing)
	-Organized ProductPage.cs.

Made input checks more complete when editing products.
Debugged changes.
/-----------Complete ^
Create %off indicator on product pages.

orders placed in app, payment separate through interac

Test device id for IOS(NEED TO UPDATE XCODE AND FOLLOW FREE PROVISIONING TUT)

create help page for app.

Implement 1 more analytics tab.

Allow placing an order with checkout.

Find better way to dismiss searchbar keyboard(should hide whenever search is pressed, and whenever cancel is pressed) this may need to be done platform-specific.
/--------------Unsure v
Consider removing offline mode?

login with storefront pic?

Implement saving of credentials for offline mode.

Allow existing item name search when adding new item for quick fill?

Explore change in speed between downloading all pictures at login vs all picture in category vs pics in category one by one?

Allow dispensary owners to view average, min, and max price/unit of products being offered by other dispensaries?

Whitelist users?

Convert all connection calls to POST instead of GET. Safer that way?

Implement saving logo image to phone instead of image url for faster loading? Loads pretty fast already

Implement control on purchasing over legal limit of flowers?

Implement sharing log viewing between contacts?

